Samantha Scott: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to work together this morning.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any leftover stuff from group that you want to sort of segue into today.
I
Samantha Scott: Think it
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have to be. It could be whatever you want. Just thought I'd ask
Samantha Scott: No, not, not so much. I mean, I'm getting something as a group. I mean, it's definitely interesting to hear from different people in different parts of the process.
Gwenevere Abriel: Truly, yeah. So what have been your sort of observations about yourself over this last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe something you'd like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Work on
Samantha Scott: I mean, I think that the last time we talked the just between us.
Samantha Scott: The, there was this thing where I I have felt this image of like reaching out for my mom and I definitely have thought about that this week.
Samantha Scott: And just thought about, like, maybe there's more of this stuff that I don't necessarily know on the surface that I might be able to find. I've been thinking a lot about just trying to pay attention to being in my body instead of in my mind.
Uh huh.
Samantha Scott: And I mean, in general, I mean, in general, I'm doing really well.
Samantha Scott: But I mean, again, it's like the pandemic. I'm in my house everything taken care of. Within this like larger things. So, I mean, obviously, my goal is when this is all over. We're going to be going back to reality. And I want to be able to cope better
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just saw a note of mine and I'm really glad this notes in there. I would love to teach you belly breathing, nice and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: We talked about
Samantha Scott: I feel like I try
Samantha Scott: But like, I mean, I guess it's just a felt sense thing where, like, I need practice and it feels weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me teach it to you. Just the follicular. I'm just going to give the whole deal. And let's take it from there.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm gonna have to flip my head a few times today my ear my left ear is gonna be a hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: The basics. I'll go into the science in in just a second. It will all be tied in. So basically, I'll go over it. I'll teach it. I'll go into the science behind it. I'll also
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be teaching while demonstrating and then I'm going to guide you. So there's no rush. Okay, so don't feel like, oh, she's only going to do this, this one part and then I'm on my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so specific to the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to, I want to be really precise. So I'm going to be standing here and you're going to see me and we're going to do this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's that important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let me just go over the basics basic structure when I do teach it is going to be. I used to call it box breathing, because I have this screen. And it's really easy to go you know you'll be inhaling through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: For four seconds slowly and you'll be mindful, you'll be paying attention to the temperature to sort of the nose hairs moving and as it goes in, you'll be paying attention that the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into the lower long, which is very odd feeling because we adults don't do that anymore. We breathe up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this feeling of having the air on the inhale come expand to the point that our hands. If our hands are on our tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That they put
Gwenevere Abriel: Out that our hands, expand out on the inhale is just super weird.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, never been able to get that. I think that's where I've never been able to get
Samantha Scott: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll go over that today, and you're not alone. A lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll know they're not getting it because they're doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now shoulders are going up and down there, rising up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we can catch it there. It's a good little indicator that we haven't quite isolated it down to that lower part of the long. Okay, so the first piece where is going to be. I'm still teaching first part. Welcome to do it or not, but it's just this inhale perform
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, strangely enough, we're going to hold that breath, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: You're holding it this big belly breath and you're going to be holding for 4321 and then it's going to be an exhale, very on purpose intentional.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with sensation. For now, we're going to do it this way. I'm not saying this is how you do it when you're standing in line at Costco, but in here. We're going to do it very intentionally with an exhale, and it's going to be for four seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding all the air out for 4321. Now that's a hard thing for a lot of people to do is that last part we're holding the air out mean you have no air, you know, pressed compressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: That long flat and then we get a stomach probably pulled in a little bit. And it's a hard thing to do. So I teach it this way, and then I realize of course
Gwenevere Abriel: For example, I can't do it. I can't really hold my breath out for four seconds I feel really uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I ended up doing it for two. I also noticed that my exhale is a lot longer. And that has very positive emotional regulation benefits to it. So don't give yourself a hard time as soon as I say, is four seconds. Inhale, four seconds. Hold your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Four seconds of holding the breath out. Even though I'm saying it like that, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're going to find your own
Samantha Scott: Right. Okay. Yeah, that's just a part of the wind to do it right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, that's going to be of service to you yet right will actually be in
Gwenevere Abriel: Service and we're going to call that if we can doing it with fidelity, which means the way when taught it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to tell you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not because it's right. I didn't invent this I don't know right from wrong, whatever. What, ah, you didn't make a mistake when you do it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the reason why fidelity's really useful is because of what it does for the monkey mind for the mind that wants to wander the one that wants to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: What this doing it the way you're supposed to kind of thing with fidelity does is it takes effort and concentration
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want that in order to have the positive mechanism of change, which is a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Samantha Scott: So that's one piece of it so
Gwenevere Abriel: What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want is
Gwenevere Abriel: When we do it with fidelity, it means that it takes our attention. It happens to also be something brand new. And so it's it's going to work better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our mind loves novelty. It's always like, Hey, what's that never seen one. What's that, so he's like oh I didn't recognize that our mind wants to go look at that and think about it that's new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right or mindful of those things which is a whole thing, which means we get to learn new things. And that is, yeah, that's cool. So, this
Samantha Scott: One, we want to practice, we have to practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it will be new anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then number two were out
Gwenevere Abriel: But some of these pieces that I'm going to go into now, which is the sort of psycho biology of it. That doesn't change.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing that doesn't change. This is, this does take effort because you're doing it with the accounting and because it is so difficult to do because you're doing with mindfulness, it will still take
Gwenevere Abriel: focused attention on the brain. So will still work, what I call a top down intervention which means up here in the noggin down regulating the body. The other way is a bottom up. It has a bottom up mechanism of change. Now I'm going to describe that to you and that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Through the poly they go theory. I'm going to tell you a little bit about this Vegas nerve that we all have and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's also called the wandering nerve and it's called the wandering nerve, because it's connected to like our facial muscles our eyes, this loose little ear bonus in our ear larynx and ferentz to our, our heart. What's wrong side to our heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: To our lungs.
Samantha Scott: To our
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach and to our various organs.
Okay.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I think I remember you saying something about that, about, like, that's why it's important to be able to see a certain part of a person on this right
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh this Vegas nerve will become relevant much, much, much later you'll you'll catch you go there's that word. She said she was going to talk about that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's actually a poly legal theory. I'll get more into the social medicine that is the ventral Vegas nerve, which is attached. That's this the facial stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, which I'll get into that theory. A little later it'll, it'll sort of obfuscate the point around the the breathing, but I may come back to it. So for now, I just want you to think about this nerve that is connected to the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: That when
Gwenevere Abriel: You do this belly breath with fidelity. If you do the belly breath, meaning it expands.
Gwenevere Abriel: On inhale, you're pushing that diaphragm down and guess what you're pressing on those organs and they have that Vegas nerve all wrapped around those organs and it sends a message up from the guts like down way down below and it sends a message up to the brain that says
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, we're fine. You know how I know refine this body doesn't need to be tight muscles because look at how she's breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know she did okay because there's no way
Gwenevere Abriel: If there was someone threatening in the room that was threatening her life. There's no way she would have a big belly breath there.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can do it. She'd be up there.
Samantha Scott: Right hyperventilating, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what it does is that message goes up because you do the diaphragm and breathing that that diaphragm presses down on all those organs, it sends a message up to the brain that says
Gwenevere Abriel: We're okay. And watch what it is when it comes up and says we're okay and the mind was busy saying, Will I ever get another job. Again, it is in complete contradiction from here's the fine saying you should be freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You should work now and the body is saying we're okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: Contradiction. So then the body wins.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body wins that argument, it comes down the muscles relax the heart rate goes down the demand for oxygen goes down, you don't need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't gotta punch, nobody
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the biology of it, you
Samantha Scott: Interesting, it's very interesting because I've all I've thought about, I guess I've never really thought about like how how deep breathing works. You know, like, it's like
It's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it happens to be one of these autonomic nervous system. We don't have to think about breathing, but it's wonderful Oregon's we get to also be volitional with
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How cool is that can't do
Gwenevere Abriel: That part. I can't say okay summer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Start the
Samantha Scott: Fast start pumping right
Gwenevere Abriel: go slower. We can't do that. Yeah. So, really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of spiritual beliefs. A lot of sort of mystic ideas have mentioned and you know there's a yoga breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I talk about the breath. But now us folks like a behaviorist we can finally have some science to say that's why it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we knew it worked.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know how to explain why. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm excited now explain it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you know the cognitive way it works. You know, the biological a way that it works. And I want to talk a little bit about the actual breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to let me just close this note over here. Susan just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: First, we're going to just get don't have to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get fancy just getting that breath to go
Samantha Scott: All the way down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that your hands. So put your hands right on your tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: All your all your air out and all you're going to do. You don't have to be fancy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. It is just have those hands come out and they'll probably only move out like
Gwenevere Abriel: Only a little bit because all that air is filling up the top and it's going down, you won't get more motion, whereas there's this big effort up here with her shoulders in the upper chest, you're going to barely feel that tummy expand won't go
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll
Samantha Scott: feel something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel awkward and it'll feel
Samantha Scott: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Good and take
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm dying. You're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right you feel bad. That's good. Okay, so we're gonna get all the air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now inhale through the nose. See if you can expand that air to get that stomach like a balloon is expanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice your hands go
Samantha Scott: Yeah, a little bit.
Samantha Scott: You do it again. Little bit of a surprise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it firsthand. So, have them on the tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And picture that you're trying to create this sort of a balloon experience with that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture a tiny little
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby and how it's little tummy rises and falls, we knew how to do that when we were little.
Gwenevere Abriel: We would do full long breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep those press those hands on your tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we just, we don't want our shoulders going up. And now let's do it again. Get all the air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to have those hands. Yep, there we go. All of it out and then on the inhale, just push the hands out with by expanding the lower abdomen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking something else is going on. So this is what
Samantha Scott: You let me let me pull. Let me push it back a little bit, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Samantha Scott: So you can see more of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. So I did notice something. So let me show you what you look like, just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you did your inhale went like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got big appear
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I went, Whoa. If all that air is doing all this work up here. What's going on down here. So now I want you, it's okay. Take your time you do and
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you're really, I want you to take your shoulders, lift him up, lift him up high and then drop them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to how gravity is already consistently pulling them down. They're already down and you feel that
Samantha Scott: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, your hands are on your tummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all you're going to do, you're going to keep as if there was perhaps I was there having gotten consent from you. I put my hands on your shoulders and I was holding them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, they're not they're not going to move, just so we can do an experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: They will not move your statue up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only things going to happen is we're going to make a balloon down there in our belly it all the air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: out out out EXHALE EXHALE
Gwenevere Abriel: And now here we go into the nose expand that balloon down low at the bottom of that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it again.
Samantha Scott: Let me try that again. I got distracted.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all of it out and now just the hands press those hands on your tummy and then they're going to come out with the inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to check in on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you feel the air go down low to the tummy.
Samantha Scott: Green I it sort of is like
Samantha Scott: That only
Samantha Scott: I can feel my hand move, but like, you know, I could feel the expansion against that but I still feel like
Samantha Scott: It's not
Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still this this thing, this rise and fall happening up top, take
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're on your viewer and go to, once you go to speaker view. So you can see yourself and let's watch you. Let's watch.
Samantha Scott: To the
Samantha Scott: Speaker view I see ya.
Samantha Scott: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. And now there's you. Okay, so we've got off the shoulders here. Now do you see yourself.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, let me. I'm trying to get a better like where I could see my stomach.
Samantha Scott: Nice. Okay, so now. First, let's get it. Get in touch with with with gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, find it so that we're not holding it. So find it by lifting up
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm dropping down all the way down.
Samantha Scott: I think so.
Samantha Scott: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, right. So, right there. Do you see how they're like almost exactly level with the top of the couch.
Samantha Scott: Do you see that right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now my hands are on my tummy. And now, watch your shoulders and don't let him move your just press your hands on your tummy press in and now you're gonna expand that belly on the inhale to be all the air out.
Samantha Scott: Of my students rising. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to do. Let's do it again. You're doing great.
Let's do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it all out. Let's get that tummy. Get that deflate that balloon all the way, get it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go. There we go. There we go. Good and bring it into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay.
Samantha Scott: Feels
Samantha Scott: More full
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on there. So notice, did your mind wander to anything else except trying to get this right.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's the way it is. I'm telling you. Okay. So pull the screen up just a little bit so I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your face right there, right there. Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I'm going to guide you through it. I'm going to do my best to do the counting. I can't. I think it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the holding of the breath and I you won't hear me, you're just going to see me kind of doing this because I can't talk and hold my breath with the same
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can start in whenever you're ready. But I'm going to start. So first I'm going to exhale and you're going to see me doing this, you know, up here. And then I'm going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this and then it'll be exhale down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remember that the key pieces are to feel
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel feel the texture of the of the fabric of your, of your blouse on your tummy. Right. You're going to feel you'll feel just whole body right experience. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say, make sure you have those hands on the tummy because
Gwenevere Abriel: That upper part of your body wants to keep rise and fall
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the concentration is going to
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll notice it. Oh, I noticed they moved and then you go up the next time we'll have another opportunity to get that air. I'm not going to move my shoulders might be my hands won't move much
Samantha Scott: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just feel a little right might just go in a little bit. Tell me, my just barely amount
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means that it got down there. Okay, so all the exhale out all of it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good all of it out. And now, inhale for 4321 and hold 321 exhale out the mouth deflate that balloon or 321 hold all the air out for 321 inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold, hold, hold. Exhale out of that mouth deflate that balloon all the time and hold it out 321 inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 exhale out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it out 4321 inhale through the nose extend that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 excellent out
Gwenevere Abriel: it all out for 321 inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 excellent mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: 321 inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold 321 exhale out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, on your own count on your own time you run these breathing cycles through your own quiet space.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Okay, open eyes and tell me what this has been like for you.
Samantha Scott: Oh wow, I've never braised like of or
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: He feels I feel calmer. I feel like there's like more oxygen in my brain or so.
Samantha Scott: You know, I just, I feel peaceful
Samantha Scott: So it's not. I mean, I think I've gotten hung up on like the performance of it all and like getting frustrated with myself and like, I'm not feeling that, and it's not right, but
Samantha Scott: You're right. It's gonna be a little bit different for everyone. Like, I might get closer to it with practice because like there's this whole protective
Samantha Scott: I feel like especially with my shoulders or that shoulder pain and horrible and stuff like that. And I feel like a lot of that is like me, my body protecting protective mode, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, absolutely, really smart of you to pay attention to. Maybe some symbolism and what the message, how it might
Gwenevere Abriel: Still be on guard and that you're going to meet that resistance in there but meeting with compassion because
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew this far right back. Did you and so we don't want to let go of something until we're kind of replacing it right with with a sense of protection with other things. So there's that there was that body awareness. Did you notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: You work hard at this and it took your attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah.
Samantha Scott: Definitely. I mean, I think body things take like
Samantha Scott: Almost like my full attention. A lot of times, you know what I mean, like it's sometimes it's just anxiety about performing something right or be
Samantha Scott: Mirroring right you know and then sometimes its actual frustration. I'm trying to be compassionate with myself. I'm really trying to do that, especially in terms of my thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the neat things about this. Number one, what I just talked to you with the belly breathing the count. Obviously, that's not a natural breath.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't do that. So it takes actual effort, it can become a ritual of routine where the moment you reach consciousness in the morning, you do a few
Samantha Scott: Right, and you
Samantha Scott: Bring out the day that way. Yeah, that's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I want to talk to you about why that's going to be convenient down the line. So you set it in motion. I'm going to do that soon as consciousness hits your eyes aren't even open. You're like, oh, shoot, I'm awake now. Oh boy, I'm awake. I'm so excited for the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so there it is. And then you go
Gwenevere Abriel: It's different when you're laying down there's different weight pressures and you'll notice that
Gwenevere Abriel: Partner to do. So what, then, you're an observer. And then, you know, it'll, it'll, it'll inform okay my breath will feel different. When I'm laying down
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're standing, let's say, and then you do it every time you have lunch. Maybe you'll do the lazy boy position and you'll have your hands up here. When you're doing it once you get the hang of it. You don't need those hands down there anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe when you're seated and you're watching TV. You'll tuck your hands and they'll go underneath your size and you'll sit down like this, but the
Gwenevere Abriel: Point is, you're not gonna, you're not going to have success if you're hunched over, like right
Samantha Scott: Now it's so hard. I mean posture. I know it's important and like
Samantha Scott: It's weird because like all these protective things have to do with our posture to right. It's like, I've noticed, like when I'm feeling the more uncomfortable. I'm feeling like I'll do stuff like that or like
Samantha Scott: You know, like that or like lean over it. Obviously this is not the key reading position to be in. Right. But, but it feels right, you know, but just because something feels right, doesn't necessarily mean it's right.
Samantha Scott: Well, familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what we'll do is, you and I, through language will depart from right and wrong. And we'll go probably all and be inviting you on a regular basis to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it doing for you right
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is it adaptive. And how old is this, and how do you on an emotional level. What's your experience as you're doing it, I noticed I feel you feel safer now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, versus this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where right where we're open like this and our chynna. Oh, I hate it. I want to scroll back up and call back into the turtle. I want to get back in this position right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, won't be. I won't be going to right and wrong. I will land there. I won't be inviting our language to do that I'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: We're moving more like let's persistently be compassionate, even where the habit was to judge, as if somehow you weren't doing something right. None enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body has wisdom. It has an intuitive nature to it. Let's, let's stop ignoring what it knows what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I feel like I have been ignoring it and like trying to, like, you know, with drugs or whatever, you know, it's like I'm trying to prime it or make it ready or something. But like nothing's gonna prime it except for actually getting to know it probably right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Samantha Scott: I want to get in. I was, I do still focus on from that. That's amazing. Like,
Samantha Scott: Here is you know how many times I've tried to do that on my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Samantha Scott: A lot. I mean, I've tried to breathe. I've tried to deep breathe and stuff like that. But I think I'd get hung up of, like, whatever, like, oh, this is a right. This can be right you know and like, I'm not doing it, but having somebody to help me. I think this inner personal thing is big for me.
Samantha Scott: Because like I can read and read and read and no matter how much I understand something, it doesn't or quote unquote understand it. It's a totally different thing within myself so I really appreciate that. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very welcome. And that's it's neat that you you recognize that
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I touched on that probably in a group with a lot of humor like
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's all there was to it, we wouldn't need therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: No, yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we would just have books.
Samantha Scott: Right and books are great, you know, but this is, I mean, this is I think what I've been missing, you know, yeah, for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this is what I call the social medicine. So, earlier you heard me mentioned how the
Gwenevere Abriel: There's this Pauline bagel theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where the, the science now explains what attachment theory taught people very early on about why is the primary caregiver and the and the infant that
Gwenevere Abriel: That attunement throughout childhood so critical to later attachments in Adult Attachment formation. Why are they so important we could see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through sort of looking at the net effect is that attachment wasn't there. If it was ruptured at a particular age, we can pretty reliably predict the attachment formation of what they're going to look like with romantic partners.
Gwenevere Abriel: We couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, say, the science and i i love
Gwenevere Abriel: That now I've got my hands on. I already have the theory. I'm already doing the therapeutic interventions. And now I also have the science and that's where the ventral Vegas nerve comes in because remember I mentioned that it's attached to
Samantha Scott: My facial muscles.
Samantha Scott: And it's a direct
Gwenevere Abriel: To my eyes like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Why, why would it be attached to my face and that ear that that loose, Pete. Why so neat things are coming out with this particular theory that has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: They go attunement. This is what social medicine is. So for example, you know how you said it's this talking to you. Whenever it's this that seems to be doing something. I don't know what that is that a book can't quite do
Gwenevere Abriel: This explains it. This explains why and we're actually wired for this. And so when you hear me say we're wired for connection. This is what I'm talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: We as a species aren't meant to pop out prance around and go look for water on our own and start a fire. We're not. We're not made that way. We're made completely vulnerable were born just mush. We're just this little cutie blob right
Gwenevere Abriel: We are hundred percent dependent on a caregiver. Now, what that sets up is this constant attunement that's necessary back and forth and baby turns do I break away or do I make demand that baby. Look at me, there's constant
Gwenevere Abriel: Now baby has no distinction between the self and other when it's little. And so whenever I do it absorbs into it as its
Gwenevere Abriel: As its identity, you see.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, no, I mean, it totally makes sense, it totally makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if something gets ruptured where I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just here, you know, and I'm not a tuning to the baby, even when it wants to break away from intensity of looking at me, or it wants to just sort of be its little self and then come back in a tune
Gwenevere Abriel: That can be a break to it's invasive so that happens that has a different effect throughout different parts of the child element.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then you can say, okay, well, and you'll see some of that in the work we do, I'll say, well, how old were you and what was going on then. And we can kind of look at that and it might sort of inform
Gwenevere Abriel: Why you might have a particular dynamic still happening in your adult life.
Samantha Scott: Totally. I mean, I feel, I feel like I'm thinking about all this stuff, especially since the baby thing and like I feel like a woman, the way you explain it, it's like, Okay, I'm with my mom.
Samantha Scott: And and whatever she's feeling I'm trying to, you know, it's part of me. Right. And she's you know i mean i don't know obviously I'm
Samantha Scott: I'm speculating, to a certain degree, but she's angry. You know she's sad, she's disappointed. She's all these things.
Samantha Scott: And I mean, I realized now what I do. And one of the reasons why I'm good with people, as I look at them and I see their face right and I'm marrying and all that stuff. But, uh, I feel like
Samantha Scott: I feel like I'm to tuned us but not like maybe when I'm like in a work mode or whatever, that's needed but like when I'm sitting here with my husband.
Samantha Scott: And I need him to respond to the movie that I'm watching you know what I mean, like, the same way that I'm responding and if he doesn't, then I'm upset about that. I mean, it's or you know what I mean, any kind of variation on that theme. Like, I guess like autonomy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's stay there, let's not give any more labels. Let's now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already have a really powerful skill and I highly recommend
Gwenevere Abriel: I highly recommend just back up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To this belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I recommend no less than three times a day. Yeah. As many as you can because here's what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're creating new tissue in your brain. Every time you do it. You remember to do it right where once it was this little on
Gwenevere Abriel: Walked path.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, difficult to remember that. But now you've been doing it. You've been doing. Now you're in a routine now you do it almost
Gwenevere Abriel: The second consciousness hits you do it. I didn't realize I was doing it. It's the first thing I thought of doing so. Then it right, it becomes that path.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's a well walked half and you know it's paved
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's an eight, nine I wait that's literal tissue development. Those are neurological synopsis occurring. It's tissue, we sometimes get lost in in what a thought feels like it feels spiritual. It feels like something
Gwenevere Abriel: Ethereal it's tissue and chemical right now that's right there. That's the chemical thought right there. That one chose this one shows my saying this, that doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't, the more you think it then the more of
Samantha Scott: Tissue, it is right.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, the less you think of it, the less of a tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will prone, which means he'll go and he'll be gone forever.
Samantha Scott: Kind of like the opiate receptors over
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Okay, cool. Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back. Let's go back to my my invitation is to practice this, and we can, you're going to hear a lot about why it's so amazing for long term recovery. But let's let's go to this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This other piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which has to do with real world what your current life looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: I actually want to hear that that event. I want to hear. I was sitting and I'm watching this show and I so you know I was sad or disgusted or angry and I looked to my spouse and he was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Already know yes but I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear the story.
Samantha Scott: Well, no, I mean just I'm constantly looking to him during any movie and like the weird thing is we have totally different cinematic tastes like
Samantha Scott: I tend to like things that are really intense and you know violence doesn't necessarily bother me unless it's, I mean guns bother me, but not not so much just like anybody would
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's zero in on an actual, believe it or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: The general stuff won't be as productive as
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, in time down just what I did just now. I was watching movie. And as soon as I saw this, I was like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What did him that's I want to slow time. I just want those 20 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's the story I want
Samantha Scott: I don't, I don't have your right now, but I will collect it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you do. So let's just, just give yourself. Take a look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take one of those breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: sort of pick
Gwenevere Abriel: An intense movie that boy. I really liked this
Gwenevere Abriel: I love the direction and the script was lovely and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there are development myself, like, go ahead.
Samantha Scott: I got it, I got
Samantha Scott: Amores Perros as this great movie. It's about like four different. It's about 40 different people or whatever. But the main story is about people's connections with animals.
Samantha Scott: But it's also a really intense movie and like there's some dog fighting in it and there's
Gwenevere Abriel: As I saw
Gwenevere Abriel: This I remember feeling this and I looked here. That's what I'm looking for.
Samantha Scott: Oh, okay.
Samantha Scott: As when I saw the the dog fight scene in Moroz arrows were
Samantha Scott: Okay, it requires a little bit explanation of what it is like it is.
Samantha Scott: A man who's an assassin, who also cares for all these broken dogs and they all you know that have been the dog fights and he comes in and he comes in to his apartment. He's taking care of this new dog, and it's a dog fighting dog and all the
Samantha Scott: All the, all the other dogs that he was caring for he were killed by this new dog, not because it wanted to because it was so messed up. And I remember looking over at him and he was feeling the same thing as
Too fast.
Samantha Scott: I remember looking over at my
Gwenevere Abriel: Resume. Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: ogre and I tell you that's was different. I'm only I'm slowing it way down. So I want you to get that image in your working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture this, this, this part of the scene and I want you to tell me what your body experienced and I want a label an emotion word
Gwenevere Abriel: An emotion word typically is anxious sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or happy.
Samantha Scott: I get I would say sad.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're looking for that in your body.
Samantha Scott: Um, it always starts with my shoulders everything always starts with my shoulders.
Samantha Scott: Okay, so good. Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you want to explain you noticing that
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know me any explanation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want any you know you could you could have had any, anything you wanted to what happened is you felt sad. Yeah. That's a fact.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just go there, go to that truth. I felt sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I'm seeing this thing on TV. I'm feeling sad and I can feel it's truth so magically in my shoulders.
Samantha Scott: I feel that whenever I saw that saying I felt sadness. I felt it probably starting in my shoulders and then it kind of settles down and
Samantha Scott: In that instance, he was mirroring
Samantha Scott: A similar he was he was it seemed like he was experiencing a similar feeling
Samantha Scott: But
Samantha Scott: It was more attuned through like anger of, like, oh, that they would do that. And I felt I feel like what I was feeling was more than
Samantha Scott: More than the tenderness of that, like, you know, the person who would do that. Who would pick up somebody who's so damaged and then ruin their whole world trying to help you know one person right
Gwenevere Abriel: Now hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to explain it away or use intellectual ization when I'm working with really intelligent people, it's very tempting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to catch your first response just, you can't just grab your first one and don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Say,
Samantha Scott: Yes. Sad Tinder sad. It's like, That's sad. That's like mixed with
Samantha Scott: Just like so much like appreciation for for what somebody is okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on. Here's the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having empathy for the rescue dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: The man who saved him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now dead animals. Hold on. It's hard to get to. Where's that sadness. What character.
Samantha Scott: Mean I think it should be the dog but the dogs. But, uh, I think it's the person, the, the owner
Gwenevere Abriel: Check with your shoulders. Find out, try and both on way I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel sad for that rescue dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's damage to kill these other animals just go there, see what the shoulders have to say about it. Just pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then dip into the other version.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if it's really man.
Samantha Scott: Maybe it's the dog. The Bad dog.
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that killed the other ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, rescued. He's damaged.
Samantha Scott: Right, because he's still there. He's still standing there, you know, look it up at the looking up at us. You know when they're all
Samantha Scott: And they are all
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a second,
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel he just did what he did. How does he feel he looks up at this new master this one that rescued him. How does he feel
Scared.
Samantha Scott: Yeah yeah just scared.
Samantha Scott: It's definitely not intellectualizing me
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that was just now that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can let your therapist do that part. I'm here my
Gwenevere Abriel: On my arm, my or my money.
Samantha Scott: Right, you're right. I'm sorry. It's really hard.
Samantha Scott: I'm working on them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go back to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're this scared animal, and I want you to look at your new master, are you looking like hey, did I do good. Did I do. Did I do what I'm supposed to do.
Right.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I think it's definitely that dog.
Samantha Scott: I never realized it before I always thought it was the man.
Samantha Scott: Or the
Samantha Scott: Or the dead dogs, but I mean really. Yeah, he's still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he How is right. So being present with that scared and you're looking up at this this man that rescued you and and and you see what you just did.
Samantha Scott: Wanna you want to please
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay. Want to please and now look, if you can, if you can want to look at this new master. And what does the face look like I just did this and and and am I good boy am I
Samantha Scott: Yeah, hopeful, you know,
Samantha Scott: needy. You know what breed needs reassurance. I'm sorry. I know those little bit
You
Samantha Scott: Want somebody to say, you know,
Samantha Scott: Either it's okay or good job or something along those lines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now when you see this if I'm that image if I'm the new master and I just saw what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, how was my face. Look at what you just did. What's my response of what you did.
Samantha Scott: Right. You're mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm mad. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: So youth, you're looking for praise and and and an add a girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and and when you see me. Ah, like that, then how do you feel
Samantha Scott: Crushed
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's come away from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's leave that you can go to your breath. Notice that you doing that on your own. See how amazing that is it's a really cool way to come back to our body. We go into that memory. And then we get out of mine and back in our viscera get back into it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I can definitely see breathing all the time. Oh my gosh, is
Gwenevere Abriel: It rocks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. And I didn't even tell you about what it does for
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're in a threat response, the fact that right all the blood is in our large muscle groups. What that breath does because it sends a message. We're okay. It means that the blood can get to our fancy
Gwenevere Abriel: A parts of our grain or are thinking part of the brain when you have that thinks about thinking thinks about
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinks about thinking about thinking about that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it doesn't have any blood when you're freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what
Samantha Scott: Good worse decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're all made right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: We gotta definitely breathe take time. Yes, it is true, first we do calm. First we do we stop squeezing our muscles because, indeed, as much as you may say, my husband, my parents.
Gwenevere Abriel: My stories, my history. My trauma or squeezing my muscles, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really me
Samantha Scott: It's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can do this breath work. And so what are you going to hear from me is
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you read. Did you read first. Well, did you try breathing, first you're going to be like, Oh, don't say it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Eventually you'll get so sick and tired of it. Good to go.
Samantha Scott: Yes I breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Wow. So here we are, right, we're up in our giggle. And how did the shoulders feel in a giggle. How are they doing
Samantha Scott: It feel pretty balanced.
Samantha Scott: Pretty, you know, lose. Like, I think the more tense. I am the more tense. The more I tend to do that, you know, or it comes up.
Samantha Scott: Feels really good to feel
Samantha Scott: To feel relaxed there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to real world. Notice how all we did wasn't too fancy. It was just that we slow time down
Gwenevere Abriel: All we did was we felt a feeling. And we just thought, well, what is this feeling for where to go. And so here's what I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm your husband I maybe I'm relating to the master and I'm mad that frickin dog just killed my other dogs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that he's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Connected with you in the experience he might be relating to a different character.
Samantha Scott: Right, but the same essential core beliefs kind of driving that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Samantha Scott: In terms of dogs. I think in terms of dogs, our beliefs are pretty similar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Samantha Scott: I don't know. I
Samantha Scott: Would have to ask him.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, but look how
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to be in a threat response as any perceived threat. When you see his angry face versus your sorrow and grief and the complexity of that scene, you just talked about is so complex and makes me think I've seen that movie too. Is it like in Spanish or
Samantha Scott: Yeah yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an old isn't much over yeah from it and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a heart wrenching i a transformative movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't even know if I've seen it so I must have seen something either similar to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I, as I was going through this with you. I felt like the dog like I'm just doing what I was trying to do you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: Maybe said do it. Good. You did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good get before I get to eat today because I did this thing. I'm not. I don't have a moral compass, you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Get love
Samantha Scott: This yeah I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Samantha Scott: That's definitely something I can relate to in terms of yeah the wanting love you know
Samantha Scott: So, but masters, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let me echo back some of the things you said, and then we're going to do some processing. OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt hopeful. Hey, I might get kit reassurance and I might hear it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing that angry face instead crushed you
Gwenevere Abriel: The shock of the absolute opposite of what you anticipated and what you expected, you had every reason to believe that you were going to get reassurance and you thought reprimand
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting a little growler right now.
Samantha Scott: I know they're all going on. I don't know.
Samantha Scott: Hopefully you can still hear me okay I've got the headphones on.
Samantha Scott: That helps for me, but maybe not for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's process if you can. I'm going to stay quiet and I'd like to hear from you. Basically what today was like, like what what just happened today it's important for you. Take your time. Just sort of run that tape through
Samantha Scott: I think I will first. We started with the idea that we were going to do the end I'm so glad we did. And I have to admit I was like, I don't want to learn breathing.
Samantha Scott: Or I don't want to try again because I was so frustrated with trying to do it on my own and not feeling like I was getting there were like, I'm just not capable of it, but obviously I am um I think though I this whole
Samantha Scott: I'm trying not to intellectualize a the
Samantha Scott: I feel like what happened this this session.
Samantha Scott: In addition to, I feel like we're making good progress for one like I feel like the first time we talked, I, I've been thinking about like the
Samantha Scott: What we talked about in the imagery of seeing the baby reach up and trying to think about things from that perspective. I'm trying to be calm but I'm realizing that
Samantha Scott: And I think that's sort of what that story was about maybe bringing that up. Like the fact that sometimes
Samantha Scott: Hard emotions are really important emotions and stuff but but do I want to feel them every day and to the intensity that I'm feeling them now know, and I
Samantha Scott: Mean, now I'm thinking more about the stuff that I do my partner's, the one that I interact with the most obviously we're here together. Yeah, and I'm so like focused on
Samantha Scott: Him and so affected by if he's having a bad day, or if he's angry about something.
Samantha Scott: I can enjoy my day and
Samantha Scott: Realizing that like
Insane.
Samantha Scott: You know, I should be able to invoice enjoy my day.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if he's so here's here's where
Samantha Scott: I'm sorry, I know I'm getting off track. I'm trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say you're on track.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't need to apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you didn't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you decide to take what you notice that was a little bit different about today. If you noticed something a little different today.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how you interpreted the world around you and people's expressions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use that as a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: I took a second and instead of going with the automatic threat response of we're not in a tournament. That's bad. I did something wrong. I have to fix that our marriage is at stake, whatever you do with that instead of that version. Whatever you did in here to sit, because you
Samantha Scott: Sorry.
Samantha Scott: Here, let me just go in the
Samantha Scott: Deal with these guys.
Samantha Scott: I don't know where he is. Okay. But anyways,
Samantha Scott: Alright, I'm here, I'm back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can see it. OK, so the
Samantha Scott: The parts right by the window so glare.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the part if if you had something just sort of continued to reflect on might be that
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at a particular interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your husband, there's a different way to look at it, it's less about registering how you're supposed to feel based on what the outside world looks like, but rather
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I feeling, what does this mean and just staying here lingering in your truth a little longer. That's the practice is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Finding out if how you're doing it is ok but rather stay there a little longer because all I did was say, Well who are you feeling sad for who you relating to
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I didn't go as it right. Was it the right character is this intellectually the right person, that the author intended didn't do any of that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just kind of wanted to you to hold on to your, your experience of it. It just sort of say, I'm I'm relating to this character here to this animal very complex situation in that scene.
Gwenevere Abriel: And watch what happens if I'm just doing this, am I threatened by someone else not responding. The same way where my kind of just wrapped up in my own moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm guessing you're just going to be in the moment you're going to go right
Samantha Scott: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I am guessing will happen if you can hold on to yourself long enough to do those things. And that does take practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right then, I think what will happen next. And we can talk about it next time is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Which character you relating to
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, you will choose curiosity over someone doing it the right way. It's a very specific thing. And you'll hear it a lot. Choosing curiosity over being right. I see it as a very, very distinct
Gwenevere Abriel: Units of effort and skill and it's, there's no wrong way to do my truth, like, so that means there's no wrong way for him to do it either.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe this is a conversation. Maybe it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting here crying really relating to this animal and how confusing almost relating to hey yeah it was rescued. But now I'm still disappointing. My master. Hey sweetheart, which character you relating to and now we have this fun conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Samantha Scott: Present actually yields knowledge versus just puts my idea of what it might be out there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so lots to chew on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm curious to see for a lot of people. This first time they learn the belly breathing. They think it's fantastic. And it's lovely. And then they forget to do it. So don't be hard on yourself. If you forget. Um, but
Samantha Scott: I'll bring it. I'm gonna I'm gonna try to like remind myself like set a couple reminders alarms during the day.
Samantha Scott: You know cuz I might not remember and, you know, if I said it for at least like
Samantha Scott: Three times a day, then I'm at least getting it. And if I remember it more great right but
Gwenevere Abriel: So I already have you in my schedule you tell me if this works. I have a Wednesday, May six at 10am for individual therapy is that what
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
Samantha Scott: Yeah, but I believe I did. Let me go back to my notebook.
Samantha Scott: Now they're quite as mouse's
Samantha Scott: Okay, here. Let's see. Okay, so you have Wednesday at 10 and that's pretty much our normal time for right now, I think.
Samantha Scott: I mean I can do other times, if you if you have, but this works for me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stick with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to, you have
Gwenevere Abriel: A year Dr. Aubrey yells client, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. I'm just gonna, I don't know whether she's got any bridging nurse can tell her you were here today. Okay, we'll just
Samantha Scott: Okay, cool.
Samantha Scott: And then, and then I'm going to call back I got the the the urinalysis package so I haven't opened it. I talked to them, but I was like, I've got to get to therapy. So I'm going to call them back after and get all the instructions and stuff. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: The main thing is not to open it and they can see the chain of custody where you open it in front of them. That's the main piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't ya don't open the packaging.
Samantha Scott: It is closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okey dokey. Well, I will. I'll see you in group and I'm excited to hear how whether you remember but just the key is self compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow time down tune in to what your experiences and just be an observer, am I, oh, you're in an audit, you're going to want to look outside yourself to to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah nation validation affirmation. It's okay. It's okay, just notice it just be this sort of gentle observer of how frequently you do it and just just slowly come back to you. Wait a minute. What am I feeling
Samantha Scott: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see how it goes.
Samantha Scott: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll talk to you later.
Samantha Scott: Alright. Have a good week.
Samantha Scott: Michael good to put this back in